INSTALL
-------

This file contains the installation instructions for landialler.py.
In the future they will be streamlined so that you will be able to
type something as simple as "python setup.py", but unfortunately we're
not quite there yet.


REQUIREMENTS

  - Python 2.3 from http://www.python.org/
  - PyGTK from http://pygtk.org/

Note that from version 0.3 onwards LANdialler no longer works with
PyGTK 0.6.x, but should work with any version later than 2.0.


INSTALLATION

If you need to install Python or PyGTK you must follow the
instructions that come with those packages.

To install LANdialler follow the instructions for your platform:

  WINDOWS

      Note: The Windows installation instructions have not yet been
      	    tested, but will be before version 0.3 is released.

    - Create a landialler directory (e.g. C:\Program Files\landialler)
      and copy landialler.py and landialler.conf into the new directory.
      If you want to put the landialler.conf file in a different directory
      you may, but see the notes on the -c command line option below.

    - Right click the desktop to create a new shortcut and point
      it towards landialler.py. Make sure that the shortcut runs
      landialler in it's own directory.

      Note: If you'd like to avoid the console window that always pops
            up when you run landialler.py then rename landialler.py to
            landialler.pyw and use that instead.

  UNIX (OR LINUX)

    - Simply type "python setup.py install" to have everything done for
      you.

      Note: landialler.py will be copied into /usr/local/bin
            landialler.conf will be copied into /usr/local/etc

      If you want to put the configuration file somewhere else you may,
      but see the notes on the -c command line option below.


CONFIGURATION

You will probably need to edit the [xmlrpcserver] section of the
config file. Set the IP address of your LANdialler server in the file.

Once LANdialler is installed properly you may find the following command
line options useful:

  -c file       specify an alternate configuration file

If you have problems installing either the client or the server then I
will try and help you if I can. Please make sure that you send me as
much information as you can, including the operating system (and
version number) that you are using, the version of Python and any
output that you see when you launch the software (either on the
command line or in syslog).


$Id: INSTALL,v 1.11 2004/07/01 07:04:23 ashtong Exp $
